Chinese stocks - should I be purchasing on HKEX or US-exchanges? Some of the chinese stocks are listed on both NYSE and HKEX for americans to access. Is there any reason to prefer one over the other? especially for stocks that are listed on both?

Moreover, are there any stocks only on the HKEX that are similar to our ETFs like QQQ/CQQQ?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ companies like qualcomm or VR/mobile ETF? i believe that it is inevitable that VR and mobile will take over more and more of our lives, therefore the companies that manufacture these devices (like the oculus Quest's snapdragon processor by Qualcomm) will increase dramatically in value over the next decades. 

is anyone aware of ETFs or some smaller cap companies like qualcomm that fit this emerging space? or do you believe larger companies like NVIDIA, AMD, and facebook will dominate this space? thanks_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ How can crispr companies scale up drug development? The potential crispr market for drugs for monogenic and polygenic conditions is huge, by some estimates 100T.

Assuming, that crispr therapeutics has a valuable tool, which will deliver positive results, how could they eventually scale up their efforts, considering, that they probably would need dozens of drugs to take a sizable share of the market?

They are working on 9 drugs at the moment, which are going to take 10y minimum to develop. Will there be a point, where they will really scale up their operation? Are there pharmaceutical companies, which scaled up? Do they just one day start working on 100s of drugs at the same time?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ When does value outweigh growth? Ive started to invest post pandemic. No debt, decent stabe job, emergency fund in place and in this for the long run. I am wondering if my strategy or value over growth is flawed. 

Example

Reits have taken a beating. Due to this I have decided to primarily invest and diversify in this sector for the next couple months or until things go back to normal(whatever that might be).

Killam apartment Real estate I believe in the long term growth. Share price $17.50. It's div is 3.84% and still a little down from the start of the year. 

Kbwy(a etf) share price $19.50 is still 34% down with a div of 13.55%. It's div appears to has also been slashed in half. I do believe in this etf but I do not believe long term growth. The value of purchasing shares is difficult for me to refuse. Buying shares below $27 seems reasonable to me. 

I understand this pandemic has presented what seems to be rare opportunities. Investing in kbwy for the time being seems to be the logical choice (Value over growth). Would you purchase this for the time being? If so how would you deal with this in the long run? Hold onto the kbwy until it comes close to equaling the Killams value including growth or sell if it reaches a cirtin value and reinvest it into Killam. Is this type of strategy unpredictable or extremely difficult? An advice would be greatly appreciated._END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ When you finish reading a book, do you make notes on all the key bits? As the title says, is it worth going through the effort of condensing a book down into notes? Every investing/trading book I get, I always highlight information that sounds important and after going through the entire book, I tend to type up notes on a word document. I did this for Mark minervini's book on trading superperformers and turned it essentially into 6k words containing all the important details such as fundamental and technical analysis. 

Is this something anyone else does? I find it helps a lot just going through some key facts over time if I forget something. It's convenient for me and was wondering what others think?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ RCEP: Asia-Pacific countries form trading bloc, was signed on Sunday [RCEP: Asia-Pacific countries form world's largest trading bloc](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-54949260)

The Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) is made up of 10 Southeast Asian countries, as well as South Korea, China, Japan, Australia and New Zealand.

The RCEP is expected to eliminate a range of tariffs on imports within 20 years.It also includes provisions on intellectual property, telecommunications, financial services, e-commerce and professional services.

Members of the RCEP make up nearly a third of the world's population and account for 29% of global gross domestic product. The new free trade bloc will be bigger than both the US-Mexico-Canada Agreement and the European Union.

India was also part of the negotiations, but it pulled out last year over concerns that lower tariffs could hurt local producers.Signatories of the deal said the door remained open for India to join in the future.


Any thoughts on investing opportunities here?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Interesting datasets to combine with institutional equity flows? If you had access to historical quarterly equity holdings positions  (10+ years back) of all institutional investors in the world, how would you integrate pricing data on top of that information, and what other types of information do you think would be interesting to combine?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Reassessing $amzn and if it's a buy/hold at over $3000 I've been invested in $amzn since 2016 and have done round about a 5X on my investment. With Amazon running up to over $3k I've decided to reassess my investment once again, this time focusing on more than just the fundamentals because it's such a unique bunch of businesses under one umbrella.

I took this info and really analyzed it also making a detailed video, and I've personally come to the answer that $amzn is nowhere near done growing.

This is not an extensive list, but here are some of the top areas keeping me attracted to $amzn:

1. Interviewing philosophy. Especially how they have over 3400 "Bar Raisers" at the company focused on removing positive/negative bias from interviewing and ensuring they "Raise the Bar" with each hire. 

2. How Amazon has stuck to the same principles laid out by Jeff Bezos in 1994. This clearly shows a very deep running corporate culture which is difficult to compete with. 

3. Continued growth mindset, focusing on Customers rather than Stock holders. Even as a stock holder myself this pleases me. There are always stockholder interests and Amazon has always put it on the back burner, reinvesting profits and having a longterm strategy. This makes it one of the best growth stocks to own, as it is clearly still undervalued because of profits seeming to not exists, when its just being reinvested. 

4. Amazon Web Services. This is the largers Cloud Computing provider in the world and tops market share (31%) even over Microsoft Azure (20%) and Google Cloud(6%). Last year AWS was 13% of Operating Revenue but 71% of operating income. It's a key business in a market that's spiking. And 3rd party analysts like Gartner puts AWS down as the market leader for the past 10years.

Anyways those are just some high-level elements I covered during my analysis...but...I'm curious to hear others thoughts?

Are you invested in $amzn and if so, what are your top reasons or Amazon businesses for continuing to hold or buy even more? Or alternatively, if you're not investing in $amzn why not? 

Will be interesting to get some varied perspectives, as Amazon is such a beast and a nevereneding topic._END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Hedge fund performance comparison Is there a website or resource that provides the ability to view or compare different hedge fund performance over time? I know this information might not be public but how else would you know which hedge fund to invest? If you have invested in a hedge fund before, how did you figure out which one to go with?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Researching Upcoming IPOs What are the best ways to research and evaluate upcoming IPOs? My current process is to just go to the exchange websites (NYSE, Nasdaq etc) and look at upcoming IPOs. But I still feel like I miss quite a few interesting ones. Particularly non-US IPOs. 

Does anyone have a good process for researching promising upcoming IPOs?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Commodity investing, the next great bull market and what 5 commodities can profit from it most TLDR: I believe precious metals and industrial materials markets will provide a better return on invested capital compared other market sectors and will be the main drivers of the next bull market. These industries have been cyclical for decades and this trend won’t change now.

As you all may or may not have noticed, the stock market and especially the tech giants have been on an incredible run as of late. Even though many people expect a general market downturn in the near future, myself included, it cannot be denied that these companies have presented an incredible return on invested capital in the past few months and years. These shares have not been the only ones on a tear in the last few months however, with precious metal miners going up in multiples since the lows seen in march. Because of the way monetary policy is implemented at the moment, with an aggressive targeting of inflation by the FED and the printing of trillions of dollars, I have shifted my attention to what I think will be the next great bull market. Remember, just because something has been going up or going down for a long time, does not mean it will keep being this way, especially not when looking at investing in commodities.

After the decade long bull market we have seen, what do I think will be the next bull market after all this is set and done? Commodities, specifically precious metals followed by industrial materials. We all know that when a currency is being devalued by printing trillions of it, investors tend to take their money and put it into 'safer' investments. These investments have historically been gold and silver, who last experienced great bull markets in the 1980's and after the 2000 dot-com bubble. Now it looks like everything is in place for another massive bull run, where investors will move a part of their portfolio into these assets both as a safety net and an chance to take part in the precious metals bull market. The three decade average holding of precious metals and precious metals related assets in the US has been around 2%, but today it is somewhere between 0.5 and 1%. Especially considering bonds now yield an almost negative return, I have no doubts that the average of 2% will be revisited and overshot, as the biggest competitor of precious metals is providing a negative inflation adjusted return on investment. I am a firm believer that we will see higher gold and silver prices the more the dollar (and other currencies around the world) lose value. How high? Nobody knows, but predictions of $5,000 gold and $100 silver have not been uncommon. What do you invest in? That will be discussed further below.

But am I only going to invest in precious metals? Absolutely not, because while I feel like this bull market is inevitable, I also believe that after the coming economic slowdown that will paint the next two to three years, countries are going to try their hardest to improve their own economies again. This has historically been done with heavy investments in things like infrastructure of all kinds. Regular industrial materials like copper, oil, platinum, lithium, uranium and steel have not been the best investments over the past few years, but an industrial material bull market will change all that. With an economic rebuild comes the need for these materials and because the respective prices for these materials have been relatively low over the past few years, I expect a major turnaround to incentivize the new production the world is going to need to properly get back on its feet. Prices of things like oil, lithium, copper and especially uranium will shoot up and the companies that produce these materials will go right up there with it. I am especially bullish on uranium, of which I wrote about many times of which I believe will reward patient and strong handed investors who can handle it's volatility on the way up.

To truly see how undervalued commodities are compared to regular equities in the S&P 500, I would recommend looking at the chart mentioned here: [https://finance.yahoo.com/news/commodities-watch-2020-170025867.html](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/commodities-watch-2020-170025867.html)

When something is so underinvested in and has all the catalysts in place to rally upwards, a subsequent bull market will be all the more violent on the upside. According to Rick Rule, one of the best commodity investors of the past few decades and CEO of Sprott Global, this will be the investment of choice for him and all his clients and after looking at the numbers, I can't say anything except I fully agree with him. This investment idea is gaining traction and while it is good to always be diversified, it would almost be foolish not to allocate at least a part of your portfolio into commodities. It is what I will be doing and I expect it to outperform the broad equities market in the coming decade. In a cyclical industry, you are either a contrarian or you are going to be too late.

Now I will share with you what I believe will be the 5 commodities that will benefit the most from a precious metals and industrial materials bull market. These markets are inherently cyclical and after a decade long slowing down of these industries, it is time the cycle fully turns.

1. Uranium

A commodity I have talked about on here at length (if you want to know the details, check my post history) and a commodity that I feel like offers the most asymmetrical risk/reward investment one can make in the current market. In short, uranium is used to fuel nuclear power plants, which are in turn responsible for around 15% of all the power generation in the US and 10% globally. The amount of power plants is growing, mostly in Asia, but the supply has dwindled because of low prices. The price of the commodity has to at the very least double from here to incentivize the new production needed to keep the lights on. There are only a few miners left in this sector and it has a total market cap of around 12 billion dollars, which is ridiculously low for something that provides so much value to power generation. When the general investment community and institutional investors decide to invest in uranium, it will be like moving the contents of the Hoover Dam through a straw.

The companies I would look at within this commodity are: Cameco (CCJ), Energy Fuels (UUUU) and Denison Mines (DNN)

2. Silver

Often seen as the little brother to gold, I am more bullish on silver than gold for the simple reason that silver is used widely for industrial materials. From solar panels to phones and from medicine to photography, silver is a metal that has many uses and is thus not easily replicable. It is also the case the silver is often not produced as a separate product, but mostly as a side product when mining for things like gold and copper. Add to that the fact that silver can often not be recycled and mostly ends up on the waste dump with the electronics it is in, makes this commodity scarce. The scarcity of this commodity means that if supply is not ramped up significantly, the price will go up because of the enormous demand for this metal. Lastly, silver is also often seen as a hedge against inflation just like gold, which can be another good reason to invest in it seeing how much money is being printed.

The companies I would look at within this commodity are: Pan American Silver (PAAS), First Majestic Silver (AG) and SSR Mining (SSRM)

3. Copper

Probably the most commonly used commodity on this list, copper is used in almost every single electrical device or contraption you can think of. Copper is used because it conducts electricity and heat extremely well, making it a core component in and ever more electrified world. The more we as a society focus on electricity to meet our everyday needs, from electric vehicles to the devices we used to read this very post, the more we will rely on copper. It is the same story as with most other commodities, the price has to go up or there will be a shortage of the commodity. When something is so key to our everyday life, it is quite easy to see where this will go. There are also nearly no new tier 1 copper deposits in the world, so bringing new supply online is not nearly as easy as it might be with other commodities.

The companies I would look at within this commodity are: Freeport McMoran (FCX), Rio Tinto (RIO) and Lundin Mining (LUNMF)

4. Gold

The thing a lot of people see as ‘real money’. Gold, for thousands of years, has been used as something to trade goods for or to back a different type of ‘money’. Even after the abolishment of the gold standard, this view of gold has not changed and it has been on quite the run recently. Gold has increased from roughly 1200 dollars per ounce at the end of 2018 to almost breaching the 2,000 dollar threshold in 2020. Many analysts believe it will not stop here, with figures ranging from 3,000 all the way to 15,000 dollar gold all being quoted. As mentioned before, with the seemingly endless printing of new money and further debasement of fiat currencies all around the world, gold is both a store of value as well as an investment vehicle. The only reason it is fourth on this list, is because uranium, silver and copper all have major industrial uses, instead of just being a store of value. However, that definitely does not mean one should pass on gold, for something that is considered as ‘the only true form of currency’ can prove to be a great investment in an ever more turbulent world.

The companies I would look at within this commodity are: Barrick Gold (GOLD), Agnico-Eagle Mines (AEM) and B2Gold (BTG)

5. Lithium

The world is being electrified more and more and just like that benefits copper, silver and uranium, it also benefits lithium. Lithium is silver colored chemical metal that has many uses, but the wide use in battery technology is the reason I am bullish on the material itself. As more electricity is being generated and more renewable energy sources are being connected to the grid, there has to be a way to store part of that energy to make use of it later or in a different way. Advanced battery technology is what makes renewable energy viable on a broader scale, it is what makes all these electric cars able to get on the road and it is a relatively rare metal in high demand. I expect this high demand to increase further as we come to depend more on battery technology.

The companies I would look at within this commodity are: Albemarle (ALB), SQM (SQM) and Livent (LTHM)_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ What is the status of NIO's autonomous driving deal with Mobileye? Earlier this year there was news that Intel's Mobileye has partnered up with NIO. NIO was suppose to be:

1. The first consumer car in China to roll out Mobileye's self driving system (we know this happened)
1. Building a fleet of robotaxis for Mobileye worldwide.

2 is what's interesting and little discussed in recent articles about NIO. Robotaxi market could be worth $100 billion. And even if NIO only got a tiny piece of that it cold be building 40,000 cars for Mobileye per year ([Source](https://archive.fo/YXyAO)). 

However last month we heard rumors that NIO might be [developing their own](http://autonews.gasgoo.com/m/70017658.html) autonomous driving chip.

So what does this mean exactly? I haven't heard updates from the Mobileye deal for a long time. Is NIO still building autotaxis for Mobileye worldwide *and* developing their own driving chip? How much of this is already priced into the value of the stock?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Pfizer vaccine candidate must be kept at around -100 degrees Fahrenheit, who will supply the refrigerators? It seems like this vaccine has real promise but the challenge is in the transport. Most doctors don’t have the specialized refrigerators to store the fragile vaccine. Given the fact that these ultra low temperature refrigerators can be quite expensive (in the 10s of thousands each unit) which company will be the biggest benefactor of this newfound demand?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Best utility company with monopoly status? Looking to add some regulated monopoly utility stocks to my portfolio. I was thinking either next era or duke energy. Or are there better options out there? Would consider non monopoly companies if a compelling argument was made. Any help is appreciated thanks._END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Why not all blue chip? Fairly new to investing but keep wondering why aren’t portfolios solely based off blue chip stocks? 

The downside I’d assume would be that you miss out on smaller companies that have the potential for big growth in the relative short term, that as well as diversification. But would the risks outweigh the benefits compared to having positions in companies with a larger average market cap, stable growth (as opposed to volatile movements) and moats etc. 

Keen to hear what you guys have to say_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Daily Advice Thread - All basic help or advice questions must be posted here. If your question is "I have $10,000, what do I do?" or other "advice for my personal situation" questions. If you are going to ask how to invest you should include relevant information, such as the following:

* How old are you?
* Are you employed/making income? How much?
* What are your objectives with this money? (buy a house? Retirement savings?)
* What is your risk tolerance? (Do you mind risking it at blackjack or do you need to know its 100% safe?)
* What are you current holdings? (Do you already have exposure to specific funds and sectors?)
* Any other assets? House paid off? Cars? Expensive significant other?
* What is your time horizon? Do you need this money next month? Next 20yrs?
* Any big debts?
* Any other relevant financial information will be useful to give you a proper answer.

Please consider consulting our FAQ first - https://www.reddit.com/r/investing/wiki/faq 

Be aware that these answers are just opinions of Redditors and should be used as a starting point for your research. You should strongly consider seeing a registered financial rep before making any financial decisions!_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_