Disney EPS beats by $0.45, beats on revenue, 73.7M Disney Plus subscribers Source:

https://seekingalpha.com/news/3635709-disney-eps-beats-0_45-beats-on-revenue

Article content:

* Disney ($DIS): FQ4 Non-GAAP EPS of -$0.20 beats by $0.45; GAAP EPS of -$0.39 beats by $0.56.

* Revenue of $14.71B (-23.1% Y/Y) beats by $610M.

* Disney Plus subscribers were 73.7M vs. 65.5M consensus (57.5M in FQ3); ESPN Plus subscribers 10.3M vs. 9.19M consensus (8.5M in FQ3).

* Revenue: Media and Networks $7.21B vs. $6.86B consensus, Parks, Experiences & Products $2.58B vs. $2.23B, Studio Entertainment $1.6B vs. $1.98B consensus, Direct-to-Consumer & International $4.85B vs. $4.64B consensus.

* After hours +4.5%_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ GINN New Innovation ETF from GS? Hi, 

How about GINN? I see it's a pretty diversified passive ETF, with more than 450 holdings and only 60% in the US, seems a solid way to invest in innovation, while keeping down risks of more concentrated ARKK or similar.  

My only problem is the names they give to the themes guiding their stock selection: Data Driven World, Finance Reimagined, Human Evolution, Manufacturing Revolution, and New Age Consumer. 

Do they serve to hide bad management or hypothetical low returns? 

Thanks!

[https://www.gsam.com/content/gsam/us/en/advisors/fund-center/etf-fund-finder/goldman-sachs-innovate-equity-etf.html#activeTab=overview](https://www.gsam.com/content/gsam/us/en/advisors/fund-center/etf-fund-finder/goldman-sachs-innovate-equity-etf.html#activeTab=overview)_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Direxion MOON ETF Have any of you guys heard of this new Direxion ETF that just got launched? Has NIO and PLUG in it as part of it's portfolio. You guys think it's worthwhile to invest in?

https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/direxion-launches-new-innovator-etf-straight-to-the-moon-2020-11-12_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Trump administration bans U.S. investments in firms linked to Chinese military [https://www.reuters.com/article/usa-china-securities/update-2-trump-administration-unveils-move-to-crack-down-on-us-investments-in-chinese-firms-idUSL1N2HY2O7](https://www.reuters.com/article/usa-china-securities/update-2-trump-administration-unveils-move-to-crack-down-on-us-investments-in-chinese-firms-idUSL1N2HY2O7)_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ DoorDash, Roblox, Wish and Airbnb all expected to go public before year’s end, sources say [https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/12/airbnb-doordash-wish-roblox-ipos-all-expected-before-year-end.html](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/12/airbnb-doordash-wish-roblox-ipos-all-expected-before-year-end.html)

&#x200B;

* Some of the hottest private consumer tech companies are rushing to file their IPO prospectuses so they can go public before the end of the year.
* Airbnb, DoorDash, Roblox and Wish are all expected to make their filings public by early next week, said people familiar with the matter.
* It’s already been a big year for tech IPOs, most notably in September, which was the busiest year on record for the New York Stock Exchange.

&#x200B;

The holiday season is shaping up to be a celebratory time for tech IPO investors.

Between early and mid-December, public investors will likely get their first crack at buying stock in food delivery provider DoorDash, e-retailer Wish and kids gaming company Roblox, according to people familiar with the matter. Airbnb is also expected to file its prospectus by early next week, putting the home-sharing company in position to hold its market debut after Thanksgiving, said two of the people.

Filings are expected by next week, though the timing could change based on market conditions, said the people, who asked not to be named because their plans are private.

All four companies confidentially filed paperwork with the SEC this year, setting the stage for eventual public offerings. DoorDash announced its submission in February, followed by Airbnb and Wish in August and Roblox in October. Because the virtual roadshow has become commonplace during Covid, companies only need a couple weeks to meet with investors before their debuts.

Representatives from each of the companies declined to comment for this story.

Despite an economic crisis, tech IPOs are red hot, reflecting a sector that has outperformed the market in the face of a global pandemic, which has killed over 240,000 Americans, while investors also navigated the uncertainty of a presidential election. Stocks rallied after Joe Biden’s electoral defeat of President Donald Trump, giving tech companies that were surveying the market further incentive to go out now, said Kelly Rodriques, CEO of pre-IPO marketplace Forge.

The sector’s strong performance has persuaded all four companies to push forward with going public now, before conditions change. About a dozen other global tech companies could raise at least $1 billion in an offering that are preparing for 2021, according to a person familiar with the matter.

“There’s a bunch of pent-up demand,” Rodriques said. “A lot of people were waiting to see how the market would react in a Biden victory.” Rodriques said he’s not aware of any of the four companies’ plans.

During the pandemic, software, e-commerce and gaming companies have been among the biggest beneficiaries of a surge in spending on goods and services that cater to people who are home all day due to office and schools closures. Investors have poured money into stocks like Zoom for videoconferencing, Cloudflare for website security and Etsy for online retail.

An earlier IPO spurt in September included a share sale from cloud database vendor Snowflake, which raised a record amount of money for a software company. That was during the New York Stock Exchange’s busiest month on record. Gaming company Unity went public the same week as Snowflake, while software makers Palantir and Asana held direct listings soon after, enabling existing shareholders to sell stock to public market investors.

In most of the tech deals this year, the gains have primarily been gobbled up by the few investors who were able to get in at the IPO price and benefit from the pop. Snowflake, for example, more than doubled out of the gate but is trading below its opening day close. Software developer Sumo Logic and insurance tech company Lemonade have also dropped from their initial pop.

Unity and Palantir are the exceptions, and neither went the traditional IPO route. Unity’s top executives controlled the pricing and allocation of the company’s offering and allowed employees to sell a portion of their shares right away rather than waiting for the lockup to expire. Palantir’s stock is up almost 60% since its direct listing, which didn’t produce a pop because no new shares were sold.

Among the companies set to go public into 2021, many are exploring Unity’s structure as well as other options like direct listings and special purpose acquisition companies, said people with knowledge of the pipeline.

**How Covid changed their business**

Airbnb is the best-known name of the group that’s preparing to hit the market now, though it also has had the rockiest year. Coming into 2020, Airbnb was prepping for a blockbuster IPO. But the pandemic put a halt to travel, forcing Airbnb to cut 1,900 jobs, or about 25% of its workforce, raise $2 billion in high-interest debt and slash its valuation by 16% to $26 billion.

That was in April and May. In recent months, Airbnb has been able to reignite growth as travelers hit the road to seek out vacation homes off the beaten path. According to Airbnb, hosts in rural areas of the U.S. earned over $200 million in June, an increase of more than 25% from the prior year. Still, Bloomberg reported in August that revenue in the period ended June 30, dropped at least 67% from a year earlier, to $335 million.

DoorDash, valued by private investors at $16 billion, has been one of the top winners from consumers sheltering in place. Many restaurants have turned to delivery as their main source of revenue, and DoorDash has expanded its lead in the market. According to data from analytics firm Second Measure, the company earned 49% of U.S. meal delivery sales in September, more than double Uber Eats, which captured 22% of the market.

The election was also a major boon for DoorDash, though not because of Biden’s victory. Voters in California, DoorDash’s home state, passed Proposition 22, which allows gig economy companies to continue classifying their drivers as contractors. For DoorDash and grocery delivery provider Instacart, a likely 2021 IPO candidate, the ballot-box victory cleared the path for their public offerings.

Roblox has been around for 14 years, but it has never had a year like 2020. The company’s gaming app features millions of titles created by and for kids. Users build their own avatars, which they can move between games, buying digital currency along the way for in-app purchases. They can also rent a private server to host a virtual birthday party or other celebration.

As of April, Roblox expected $1 billion in billings this year. According to research firm SensorTower, player spending topped $100 million a month for the first time in May. Reuters reported last month that the company expects to double its recent $4 billion valuation in its IPO.

Wish was valued at $11.2 billion last year and has continued gaining momentum through its online marketplace that offers its more than 70 million active users discounted goods in categories like home goods, apparel and electronics. The company, which competes with Amazon, has also faced complaints from Wish users who claim the site hosts shady merchants and poor quality products.

Forge’s Rodriques said that while there’s a tight window to try to go public this year, the outlook for 2021 is looking good. With prospects of a coronavirus vaccine on the horizon and election volatility mostly behind us, there will likely be plenty of opportunities for the many private tech companies valued in the billions of dollars to test the markets later, he said.

“I think we could see 2021 be an absolutely booming year on a number of fronts,” Rodriques said._END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Index Fund Bubble - Arguments in Favor and Against Back in September 2019, Michael Burry predicted an index fund bubble. Since I invest index funds and write about them with relish, I was intrigued. But I quickly moved on.

Then another headline caught my eye. It was an episode of Odd Lots podcast titled,  [**“Why Passive Investing Might Be Distorting the Market.”**](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/audio/2020-02-07/why-passive-investing-might-be-distorting-the-market-podcast)   I immediately listened to the episode, featuring investor and fund manager Mike Green. And then I listened again. Considering a lot of my net worth is currently tied up in index funds, I want to understand why some people think index funds are fools’ gold.

So today, I’m going to play devil’s advocate and talk about both sides of the conversation. Is there an index fund bubble? A market crash around the corner? Or is passive investing still the winning strategy it’s always been?

Below, you’ll find compelling arguments from investors Mike Green and Michael Burry, who both say there is a bubble. Then I’ll follow up with comments from financial analyst Ben Carlson and portfolio manager Ben Felix, both of whom see no bubble . It’s #TeamMike vs. #TeamBen. I’ll also pull some soundbites from Raoul Pal, a former hedge fund manager who now produces financial videos with a silky British accent. And then I’ll add in my own thoughts at the end.

# Quick reminder: what’s an index fund?

An index fund owns a wide assortment of assets (e.g. stocks), and owns those assets in proportion to their market share. Uh…that’s a lot of FinSpeak. Let’s break it down.

For an example, let’s look at an S&P 500 index fund. An S&P 500 index fund would own all of the stocks in the S&P 500. Since Apple and Microsoft each make up about 5% of the S&P 500, this index fund would be comprised of about 5% Apple and 5% Microsoft. But Chipotle would only compose about 0.08% of the index, because it’s 0.08% of the S&P. In this way, the index fund is benchmarked to the S&P, like a shadow that follows all of the body’s movements.

Similarly, a “total stock market fund” would own every stock in the market. There are tons of options in the index fund world.

Let’s get into the arguments that claim indexing is now in a bubble.

# Part I – Bubble! – “The tail is now wagging the dog”

One of Mike Green’s first points on Odd Lots is this: the original idea behind indexing is that active traders and actively managed funds will dictate how the market behaves, and that a small number of passive investors (e.g. index funds) can simply go along for the ride. The large majority active traders are the dog; the minority passive investors are the tail. The dog does what it wants. The tail only follows.

If dogs don’t do it for you, I like the boat analogy. Think of actively managed funds and active traders as large cruise liners and passive investors as a small canoe. The cruise liner picks its course. The canoe ropes onto the cruise liner and gets a free ride. The cruise liner doesn’t notice the small canoe’s drag whatsoever; its course is unaffected. This big-small relationship is the original assumption behind passive investing. Market behavior is dictated by the active majority, and the passive minority gets a free ride.

However, asserts Green, we now live in a paradigm where active and passive investing are too close in size. Therefore, the fundamental assumption no longer rings true.

Millions of Average Janes and Joes–individual investors–are using index funds to invest huge portions of their income and savings. After all, that’s how many 401(k)s and their non-American equivalents are set up. Green points out how recent U.S. legislation changes are pushing 401(k)s and passive investing even further into the mainstream.

Passive investing is no longer the “small tail.” It’s no longer the canoe. It’s now a fairly large boat, and the active management cruise liner is impacted by towing such a large passive boat.

The past 30 years have seen index funds grow and grow. Index fund inflows are the “single largest transactors in the market by far” Therefore, by definition, they are not passive. Index funds have to be influencing the market. What might this influence look like?

# Passive investing influences the market

Let’s go back to our S&P 500 index fund from before. The S&P 500 went up \~30% in 2019. Where does this gain come from?

Some of it probably comes from fundamental growth in the S&P companies. They’re doing better! Active investors respond by saying, “If the company is better, then these stocks are now worth more!”

Alternatively, what happens when millions of individual investors put their retirement savings into S&P 500 index funds? It’s simple supply and demand. Joe and Jane are increasing the demand for S&P stocks, therefore the price will increase.

When Joe and Jane were the “small canoe,” their demand didn’t affect the market. But these passive investors are no longer “just along for the ride.” They are actively impacting the ride. Last year’s 30% price increase is not based only on fundamental growth. Instead, the Average Janes and Joes are artificially increasing the price of the S&P 500 via their demand for index funds.

# The effects of “index inclusion”

What about “Company 501;” that is, the first company not in the S&P 500? Well, it does not receive the benefits of being a part of the S&P 500 index funds. It does not receive the demand that occurs from inclusion in that index fund, and this exclusion affects Company 501’s price.

Mike Green says that historical data clearly shows this growing impact on asset values–it’s called “index inclusion.” This is true for all sorts of index funds. They include some stocks, exclude others, and there’s a recognizable delineation between those included and excluded.

Green says there’s a “distinct and permanent shift in the valuation and price levels associated with these securities” when they are included or ejected from an index. Companies inside of indices are receiving more attention than they fundamentally deserve. Companies outside of indices, therefore, are getting the cold shoulder. This lack of true valuation is one of the formative factors of a bubble.

# “Fire!” in a theater

In the past 40 years, passive investing has done nothing but grow. But eventually, that growth will end. Individual investors will retire. Withdrawals will take place. What happens when you take the money out?

At that point, Green states that the artificial inflation of index funds will cease, and quickly turn south. As more retail investors sell, prices will drop. When investors see prices dropping, they’ll get scared and sell more. The vicious cycle will continue–sell, drop, sell more, drop more–into a index fund crash. It’ll be an old-fashioned bank run.

Or, as Nicholas Nassim Taleb has written, “the market is like a large movie theater with a small door.” If everyone is looking to get out, the only way to do so is to offer the doorman a better price than the other people. Prices will plummet. Pop goes the index fund bubble.

# Is it the British accent?

Raoul Pal looks the part, sounds the part, and produces his videos while sitting in front of monitors chock full of financial data. My bulls\*\*\* detector is whirring to life, but something about that accent is just so factual.

Pal’s argument is that baby boomers–through no fault of their own–have been dumping too much money into passive funds (pensions, 401(k)’s, etc). When they start selling en masse–which will happen soon!–then pop goes the index fund bubble.

There are 76 million baby boomers in the U.S., and their average age is now 65 years old. The wave of retirees is about to crest. And when they start to pull money out for retirement, we will see the large theater/small door issue. Prices will plummet.

But, says Pal, index funds aren’t the only issue. Boomers will also face issues trying to sell their houses. They’ll have issues trying to sell their material goods. Baby Boomers were such prolific consumers that the economy will be overwrought will all their stuff, and prices everywhere will fall. Growth will cease as markets are flooded with goods. A vicious cycle will ensue.

And then “the doom loop of corporate debt will get ignited.” Oh no, not a doom loop! In short, says Pal, corporations have recently gotten into the habit of:

1. Borrowing money (this is the corporate debt)
2. Buying shares of their own stock—a.k.a “stock buy backs”
3. …which drives the price of their stock higher (P.S. this is an artificial price increase)
4. …which makes the company appear more valuable, and usually lets the biggest stockholders (e.g. the executives) get extra rich

And Pal’s right. Corporations have been gluttons for their own stocks in recent years. Just read about Apple’s buyback tactics.

Eventually, these corporations will have to pay back their debts. And their artificial valuations will come back to Earth. Stock prices will plummet. Indexes and pension funds will plummet. And Baby Boomers’ selling will cause further pricing drops.

And thus, claims Pal, the third Baby Boomer crash will occur. And every good story has the symmetry of threes.

# Problems with Pal

My core issue with Pal is that he’s as much a story teller as he is fact teller. And therefore, it’s hard to tell if he’s selling olive oil or snake oil.

For example, this sounds impressive: “The baby boomers accumulated the greatest concentration of wealth the world has ever seen. And they’ll destroy it too.” Whoa! Rise and fall. The double-edged sword. The boomer giveth, and the boomer taketh away.

Pal provides facts to back up his claims. But most of his facts are arguable at best.

The 2000 Dot Com bubble? It happened because Boomers flooded the stock market with their investments, says Pal. And then “everything got dashed on the rocks, as those markets collapsed.”

The Baby Boomers–then age 45 on average–turned to real estate, says Pal. Can you guess what happened next? The 2008 Subprime Mortgage and Financial Crisis! Baby Boomers are so many in number, says Pal, that their sum-total behavior can’t help but create bubbles.

After 2000 and 2008, the Boomers were worried about their retirement savings, goes Pal’s argument. So now they’ve got to take risk, and they were forced to do so in the stock market. Well, what’s the easiest way to invest in stocks? Through passive investing! And as we’ve now learned twice–according the Pal–where the Boomer money goes, a bubble will soon follow.

It’s a nice story. It has symmetry. It has foreshadowing. It’s narrated with a silky British accent.

But that doesn’t mean it has an iota of truth. Euphoric day-trading of “.com” companies led to the 2000 Dot Com bubble. Passive investing is the exact opposite of that kind of behavior! Perhaps the money is coming from some of the same people, but that’s not evidence for the existence of an index fund bubble. Pal is grasping at straws.

# Michael Burry: Big Short to Big Bubble

Michael Burry is an investor and hedge fund manager who correctly foresaw the 2008 financial crisis, and managed to make a boat-load of money for himself and his customers through his correct prediction. If you’ve seen the movie The Big Short, Michael Burry is played by Christian Bale.

Burry’s argument for an index fund bubble is a less scary than Green’s, and certainly less apocalyptic than Pal’s.

Burry’s claim is that indexing has caused an artificial bubble that’s inflating stocks inside the index, and thus leaving stocks outside the index ripe for the picking. It’s the “index inclusion” argument again.

But where Green sees a dangerous bubble, Burry sees more of an opportunity. Ready for another metaphor?

Imagine a pair of identical twin basketball all-stars. Everything about them is the same, including their skills. Except that one twin plays college ball for Duke–he’s always on TV–while the other plays for Harvard–a good academic school, but not a basketball Mecca.

The average basketball fan would be biased towards the Duke player. He’s on a better team, he gets more media coverage, and has more post-season success. The average fan would certainly believe that the Duke twin has better long-term prospects, and therefore would deserve a bigger professional contract.

But since I built this strawman hypothetical, you and I know the truth! The two twins have the same exact skill set. Therefore, signing the Harvard twin at his lower price would actually be quite the financially efficient move.

Michael Burry’s claim is that this is what’s happening with passive investing. Near-identical companies are being over- or under-valued due to their index inclusion or exclusion.

Stocks that are inside of index funds are like the Duke twin–they are being over-valued simply because of where they are. While stocks not in the index are like Harvard twin–they are under-valued, and therefore should be targeted by smart people looking to make more money.

In my opinion, this is less of a “index fund bubble” and more of an “anti-index opportunity.”

Burry is simply saying, “There’s an inefficiency here, I’ve discovered it, and I plan on making money off it. P.S.–come invest with me so we can both make money together.”

Good work, Mike! Go exploit that inefficiency!

# Price Discovery is becoming fragile

Burry’s second claim is that price discovery is becoming fragile. “Price discovery” is a fancy term for “buyers and sellers determining a price where they’re willing to make a deal.”

Think about Craigslist. Someone wants $200 for a used snowblower. Snow?! Yes, in Rochester it helps to have a snowblower. So, you take a look at the snowblower and counteroffer $150. The owner haggles back to $175…and you have a deal! That’s price discovery.

Typically, stock market price discovery involves many buyers and sellers conducting detailed analyses of a company’s holdings and profits and cash flows–all of the fundamental business metrics.

But passive investing doesn’t care about those fundamental metrics. Instead, passive investing simply follows the leader. It assumes that others in the market have already done the fundamental research, and that the current price of a stock is “right.”

It’s a little bit like saying, “The last Craigslist used snowblower went for $200, so I’ll buy the next one for $200 sight unseen.” Are you sure you want to trust the last buyer and seller? What if they were dopes? Don’t you want to look at the snowblower and make a decision for yourself?

Since passive investing doesn’t rely on price discovery, Burry argues that prices are now dangerously skewed from what traditional price discovery would suggest. This cannot go on forever, and eventually the prices will snap back to where they fundamentally belong.

Or, you could say, the index fund bubble will pop. This, Burry says, is very similar to how housing and CDO pricing behavior malfunctioned before the 2008 crisis. It will be a painful, painful snap.

# Part II – The other side: Index funds are fine

While I appreciate the logic behind Misters Green and Burry and Pal, there’s plenty of good money still betting on index funds’ future success. Let’s start with [**Ben Carlson**](https://awealthofcommonsense.com/2019/09/debunking-the-silly-passive-is-a-bubble-myth/). . Ben is financial analyst, author and blogger (nice!), and podcast host. I’m a big fan of A Wealth of Common Sense (the blog) and Animal Spirits (the podcast). Thanks for sharing all the good work, Ben.

Anyway, what does Ben have to say about the index fund bubble and passive investing?

# The tail is not wagging the dog.

First, let’s get back to dogs and tails and boats. Carlson writes, “Index funds hold less than 15% of shares in public companies.” While this is a growing number–it was 3.3% in 2002 and 6.8% in 2009–passive investing is neither a majority nor plurality.

If we combine all exchange traded funds and all mutual funds, that percentage rises to about 35% ownership of all shares. That means that active investors–the dog–own at least 65% of the equity market, and therefore are still wagging the tail. All is well in the dog/boat metaphor universe, says Carlson.

# Bias! Bias! Read all about it!

Another of Carlson’s arguments is that active investing, by nature, is biased against passive investing. Passive is stealing active’s business share, and now active is biting back.

Passive investing shadows what the active investors are doing. But rather than spending money on research and trades, passive investing keeps expenses–and fees–to a minimum. Passive has all the profits of active investing, but none of the costs: ipso facto, passive investing is better. And the active investors don’t like it! The “index fund bubble” is their propaganda technique.

Besides, let’s consider any and all claims that passive investing is doing something “wrong.” Logically speaking, anything that passive investing is “doing wrong” first has to be done by active investors.

You can’t blame your shadow for flipping you the middle finger–the shadow only copies the source. Similarly, passive investing only copies what active investors are doing. It’s a simple argument in logic.

# The price discovery argument

Price discovery is a cop-out, says Carlson. There is way more trading occurring today than most times in the stock market’s history. In the book Index Revolution, author Charley Ellis writes that about 95% of all trades today are done by active managers–there’s plenty of opportunity for price discovery. It’s all about trading volume.

This means that the prices aren’t skewed. The prices aren’t a stretched rubber band, ready to snap back. There’s no index fund bubble, waiting to pop. Instead, the active investors are setting the prices and price discovery is healthy.

# So what’s Michael Burry worried about?

Besides, Carlson says, when else in life do we expect individuals to actively partake in price discovery? Do you haggle with the grocery cashier about the cost of oranges? No! All over our economy, prices are set and individual consumers simply choose to buy, or not. They don’t barter or bargain.

I’m not sure I agree with Ben’s point here. It’s true: we don’t haggle at grocery stores. Instead we’re presented with Hobson’s choice–we either take it, or leave it. If you don’t want to pay $12 for a bag of oranges, you don’t have to.

But are people thinking about Hobson’s choice when they passively invest in index funds? I don’t think so. I think a lot of people are “blindly” putting their bi-weekly 401(k) contributions into index funds, regardless of the price. There’s not much “take it, or leave it” going on. It’s just “take it.”

My conclusion: index investors might be blindly buying in, but they’re still buying at a price that was intelligently discovered through the fundamental analyses of active investors.

# Ben Felix from YouTube

[**Ben Felix**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wv0pJh8mFk0) is a portfolio manager at PWL Capital, and popular creator of YouTube financial/investment videos.

I really like one of Felix’s foundational arguments against the idea of the bubble. That idea is: assets under management do not set prices; instead, trading sets prices.

So Green and Burry should not be asking, “How much money is in indexes?” Instead, the question should be, “How much trading is done by indexing?” This means that the size of the boats doesn’t matter. In fact, it means the boat metaphor doesn’t really make sense.

So let’s relate it back to the quote from Charley Ellis: 95% of all trades today are done by active managers. That means that price discovery is dominated by active trading. And it means that there shouldn’t be any bubble driven by price discovery.

Blackrock, another investment management firm, estimates that for every $1 of passive trades, there are $22 of active trades. Again, this points to the same conclusion: there is no issue with price discovery.

# Some ideas from the academics

Felix quotes a couple serious economics papers–one by [**Fama/French**](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=502605), another from [**Palia/Sokolinksi.**](https://www.law.nyu.edu/sites/default/files/Paper_P%26S_Darius.pdf)

Fama & French came to the conclusion that it doesn’t take much active investing to create an efficient (i.e. non-bubble) market. Passive investing, they say, is pushing bad active managers out of the market. And those who remain? Only the skilled active managers. It’s survival of the fittest. Culling the weak should only make the market more efficient. More efficient = better price discovery = no bubble.

Palia and Sokolinski have a really interesting theory. In brief, they claim that index funds drive down the cost of short selling, which makes short selling more efficient, and that leads to better price discovery.

They start with the simple truth that index funds hold onto lots of stocks. And since the supply of stocks is high, index funds can easily lend out those stocks to short sellers (people betting that a stock will go down). The short seller pays the index fund a small fee, which gets passed onto the passive investor in the form of low costs.

However, since there are so many index funds out there, the short sellers have many different options of where they borrow stocks from. With high supply comes low prices. They can find their short sources very cheaply. This makes the cost of shorting go down.

And thus, conclude Palia and Sokolinski, passive investing is creating a more efficient market for short sellers, and a more efficient market leads to better price discovery.

# Part III – Home-grown arguments and takeaways

Now that you’ve heard the smart people talk, let me bless you with my pro-index ideas.

First, index investing is self-corrective.

To wit, let’s take another look at Michael Burry’s argument: “passive investing has an inefficiency in undervaluing non-indexed companies, and I plan on taking advantage of that.”

If Burry is correct, then more active managers will follow his lead and make their money. And right behind them will be their shadow a.k.a. passive investing. The market is a self-correcting system, where money flows towards the best values. Passive investing simply follows that flow of money.

If passive gets too influential, then the smart active managers will exploit the problem. Inefficiencies will balance themselves out in the long-term. And passive investing is a long-term technique.

Second, it’s easy to avoid the pitfalls of index inclusion.

Index funds don’t have to exclude stocks. Many investment managers (like Fidelity and Vanguard) offer total market index funds. They include high and mighty S&P companies and all of the “company 501’s” out there that might be excluded from other index funds.

Therefore–if there is an index inclusion bubble–the total market index funds own both sides of that bubble.

A total market fund would only be exposed to a bubble that includes entire asset classes. For example, one could claim that stocks in their entirety are overvalued, but that commodities are undervalued. Therefore, a total U.S. stock market index fund would still expose you the bad outcomes of bursting bubble!

If this concerns you, then diversify your index investing via a lazy portfolio. There are indexes that track bond markets, international markets, different sized companies, commodities, REITs, etc. You can spread out your investments across multiple asset classes to reduce your risk.

# Takeaways

Green and Burry both make good points. Pal tells a nice story. I’m really glad I took some time to understand those ideas. Carlson and Felix support the ideas I’ve always heard: the wisdom of people like Jack Bogle and Burton Malkiel. What actions am I taking after all this conversation?

Reading. Lots more reading. I want to learn more about Mike Green, Michael Burry, and their anti-passive compatriots. After all–they did compel me to type up 4000 words of arguments that go against my investing strategy. But I also want to remind myself of the reasons why I started indexing in the first place: Malkiel, Bogle, and people like Ben Carlson and Ben Felix.

But I will be staying my course, at least for now. I have not been convinced to move away from indexing, or that there’s an index fund bubble. Indexes still float my boat, and I think the bubble argument has more bark than bite. I’m in it for the long run. I do not think hand-picking individual stocks is the way to go.

Source: [https://bestinterest.blog/index-fund-bubble/](https://bestinterest.blog/index-fund-bubble/)_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Stock Trading Assignment - New Investor Hello, 

For one of my classes I'm assigned to design and manage a fund that will be actively traded over the next month for our term project. I've designed a Healthcare fund that specializes in BioTech specifically looking for growth opportunities in the market. I've screened based on (beta over 2.0, institutional ownership >30%, EPS QTQ 25% etc.) and have filtered 800+ stocks down to two pages. The goal of my fund is the invest in companies that specifically investing in R&D for COVID cure. I'm asking for those of you that are knowledgeable with trading how can I go about rebalancing & weighing my portfolio? Should I do a mcap weight? Equal weight? How can I rebalance weekly/bi-weekly to keep up with market changes. I'm having trouble understanding this part.

&#x200B;

Thanks so much!_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Investing in mortgage notes? Apparently you can buy people's distressed mortgage notes on secondhand markets, at a 10-40% discount to unpaid-balance. A yield of 10-12% is pretty common, and if they refinance, short sell, or get foreclosed on, there's a chance for a big payoff. Or you can modify the note to lower their monthly payments by raising interest/extending time, so it's more valuable, and resell it after 1-2 years.

Downside is these places are in the middle of nowhere, because anyone in the city has more competition for the notes & property. So worst-case scenario you might have to fly to Kansas for a couple weeks and go through a court process there(or pay a lawyer remotely to do it).

Has anyone here invested in mortgage notes before? Any good ways to borrow money at low interest rates to profit from interest rate spread?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ A vaccine is imminent, let's buy syringe manufacturers.. Thinking that it will be just a matter of time before the entire planet rushes to vaccinate themselves, Pfizer is definitely the first but won't be the last to announce a vaccine.

The US alone has 20mn front line responders..

Can we go long syringe  or medical glass manufacturers?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Are TIPS just an inflation protection, or are they an actual investment strategy? I was just trying to learn about various investing strategies, and came across this.  From what I'm reading, these are used as inflation protection as part of a portfolio.  But I'm not seeing what the advantage is.  Shouldn't a growth (or even a dividend) portfolio always be outperforming inflation?

Can dumb it down a little?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Obtaining (RELIABLE) dividend history I'd like to know your experience with obtaining dividend history. Some companies have a dividend page with all the previous years listed, but the majority is just posting the last figure somewhere in their IR page. 

I've tried using sites like

*  [https://www.dividendinvestor.com/dividend-history/](https://www.dividendinvestor.com/dividend-history/), or
* [https://www.dividend.com/](https://www.dividend.com/),

but those are usually not complete, even with a basic ticker like KO. 

Am I really supposed to go through all the past year's fillings and extract the figure from those? It seems ridiculous given that I'm mostly looking for companies with >20 years uninterrupted dividend payout.

&#x200B;

Thanks!_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ [Chinese EV Demand Outlook] Barrons: What creates demand for EVs in China Per Barrons on interview with XPeng’s CEO.

Interesting tidbits about the EV demand in China and why the demand will only grow.

It has to do with pollution problems in China. EV companies like XPeng are relatively small compared to Tesla. Xpeng’s quarterly sales totaled about $293 million, but grew more than 340% year over year. Tesla (TSLA), the EV behemoth, for comparison, generated about $8.8 billion in sales during the third quarter.

However, this is the key piece of understanding the demand and growth of EVs in China.

1. Chinese government is actively looking to help out EVs, financing manufacturing plants for expansion.

2. The Chinese EV market is a little different than the U.S. It isn’t just about cost comparisons between electric and gasoline-powered car models— congestion and air quality factors can matter just as much.

3. License plate laws are another factor, Gu says. “[Consumers] buy EVs because [it’s] easier to get an EV plate than gas plate. There is better parking, less tolls, less driving restrictions,” he explains. In several Chinese cities, driving conventional cars is restricted to either odd or even days—even after getting a license plate.

Such restrictions can drive EV penetration more effectively than even tax subsidies or other government plants. China is the largest market for new EVs globally, and so far EV penetration there is about 5% of new vehicle sales._END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Risks to Value investing plays on banks / insurance? I have been getting more into value investing recently, and have screened some stocks like $ALLY, $ABCB, and insurance $PGR. These all have amazing P/E ratios... growing revenue, good book value, and dividends. I'm a bit confused as to why they are valued so low. Am I missing something here? Is there a lot of debt that these banks are holding that is expected to go tits up? Or similarly for the insurance industry?  Or is the market just hyper-focused on NASDAQ gains and have I actually found a good investment? Thanks for any advice._END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ QuantumScape to list on NYSE through a merger with Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. [NEXT-GEN BATTERY COMPANY QUANTUMSCAPE TO LIST ON NYSE THROUGH MERGER WITH KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.](https://www.autospac.com/investor-relations/news-details/2020/Next-gen-Battery-Company-QuantumScape-To-List-on-NYSE-Through-Merger-With-Kensington-Capital-Acquisition-Corp/)

"Former Tesla Chief Technology Officer and current QuantumScape board member JB Straubel commented, 'QuantumScape’s solid-state anode-less design represents the most elegant architecture I’ve seen for a lithium-based battery system, and the company has an opportunity to redefine the battery landscape.'”

    QuantumScape Corporation has entered into a definitive merger agreement with Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp (SPAC). (NYSE: KCAC); upon closing, the combined company will remain listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “QS”

    QuantumScape raises over $700 million in proceeds through the business combination, including a $500 million fully committed PIPE anchored by institutional investors including Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC and Janus Henderson Investors

    Transaction results in over $1 billion in cash and funding commitments, including QuantumScape’s Series F

    Financing led by the Volkswagen Group and Qatar Investment Authority (QIA)

    QuantumScape and Volkswagen have previously announced a joint venture to enable industrial-level production of solid-state batteries for use in VW’s vehicles

    Pro forma implied enterprise value of the combined company is approximately $3.3 billion

[Bill Gates-backed vehicle battery supplier to go public through SPAC deal](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/09/03/bill-gates-backed-ev-battery-supplier-to-go-public-through-spac-deal.html)_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ When does stock purchase date start on option exercising? What would be considered the stock purchase date if you buy a leap and exercise a year later?

 Is it the day you exercise the contract or purchased the contract?

Does exercising the contract trigger a tax event or does all value gain become part of the shares and doesn't trigger until the shares are sold?

Thank you_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Another 709,000 Americans filed new unemployment claims last week https://finance.yahoo.com/news/initial-jobless-claims-week-ended-nov-7-2020-coronavirus-pandemic-191217224.html

The Labor Department report showed an eleventh straight week that new jobless claims totaled below 1 million. But new claims have not yet broken back below 700,000 since the start of the pandemic and have held sharply above levels from before the outbreak. Throughout 2019, new initial unemployment claims were coming in at an average of just over 200,000 per week.

Most U.S. states reported declines in unadjusted new claims last week, led by Georgia with a drop of more than 14,000 initial claims. States grappling with rising new COVID-19 cases including Texas, New Jersey, Kentucky and Florida also reported notable decreases in their numbers of new claims. Washington state, on the other hand, saw the biggest leap last week, with new claims rising by more than 10,000._END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Concerned About Massive Corporate Debt / Equity Bubble I won't pretend to know a lot about finance or economics, but I sold all my positions in June on the belief that there is a massive bubble in asset prices - which I feel must pop sooner rather than later. I'll give my thoughts here, and then hopefully some people can come back with some refutations and differences of opinion - as I'd like to get a better understanding of the counterarguments.

As far as I can understand it, the traditional method of dealing with recessions in the past was to decrease interest rates. This allows for cheaper borrowing by companies, who can then invest the money they borrow into the production of future growth. This should then increase the size of the economy overall, resulting in a net creation of wealth. The negative effect of low interest rates is that it makes capital allocation less efficient. This is because companies need to produce a smaller amount of growth from the borrowed money in order to pay it back - encouraging less efficient companies to take out loans. This has resulted in 'zombie companies', whose profits can barely cover the tiny amount of interest required to service their debt. If interest rates were to rise even a small amount, these companies would quickly be unable to service their debt obligations and would face defaulting and bankruptcy.

I believe the ideal approach is to lower interest rates when times are hard - to encourage borrowing, but then to gradually raise them as the economy improves, in order to improve the efficiency of capital allocation, and to provide a buffer for reducing interest rates in the future. However, this has not been the strategy used in the past, and central banks have struggled to raise interest rates to previous levels after each successive crash without causing disruption to the markets and economy.

In 2008, during the global financial crisis, the rates were already relatively low before the crisis began. This meant that lowering the rates to zero was not enough to provide the required liquidity to the market, so an alternative approach had to be undertaken. This is known as Quantitative Easing (QE), and - to my understanding - is the purchase of government and corporate bonds by the central bank. The purpose of QE is to inject liquidity into the market while locking up assets in a way that the created money does not flow into the economy and cause high inflation - as would be the case if money was simply printed.

Again, I believe that the goal with QE is to provide short-term liquidity to the economy when times are bad, which is gradually rolled back as the economy improves, resulting in the selling of these assets into the market. Again, to my knowledge, this has not been accomplished effectively since 2008, resulting in a climate of low interest rates, and high levels of risky corporate debt held by central banks.

Now, we get to the COVID crisis, whereby the economy shrinks rapidly in response to lockdowns, lack of travel etc. The market takes a deep nosedive off this news, as companies begin to draw on credit lines to carry them through the downturn - resulting in a loss of liquidity. Central banks respond to this by cutting rates to zero. As the interest rates were still extremely low before the crash, this did not provide the required liquidity - so a huge amount of quantitative easing was required - over double that which was introduced during the 2008 crisis.

The rates being so low encourages spending rather than saving. However, in the COVID economy, there is nothing to really spend money on - there is no point in investing in productivity or future growth as sales and revenue are expected to be lower, not higher. The supply of bonds is also low, due to the huge amount of quantitative easing. This means that there is no place left for this additional liquidity to go - other than the stock market, further inflating a huge asset bubble. This is caused by the influx of retail investors into the market, stock buybacks by corporations, and financial firms having no other place to invest their money for a decent return.

I believe there are several key risks for the near future.

1. The extremely high level of bad corporate debt and the high number of zombie corporations means that a tiny hike in interest rates would cause a huge downturn in the stock market and would mean many companies face bankruptcy.
2. Any reduction in the stimulus provided by central banks would cause a credit crunch as companies try to draw on huge amounts of cheap credit.
3. A reduction in QE would mean there are no buyers for junk corporate bonds, meaning that companies cannot refinance their debt and will face default and bankruptcy.

Does anyone see a way this can all return to more sensible levels without a huge bubble popping? And is there anywhere in my post where I'm way off the mark? As I say, I'm not an expert on this at all.

Thanks._END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Daily Advice Thread - All basic help or advice questions must be posted here. If your question is "I have $10,000, what do I do?" or other "advice for my personal situation" questions. If you are going to ask how to invest you should include relevant information, such as the following:

* How old are you?
* Are you employed/making income? How much?
* What are your objectives with this money? (buy a house? Retirement savings?)
* What is your risk tolerance? (Do you mind risking it at blackjack or do you need to know its 100% safe?)
* What are you current holdings? (Do you already have exposure to specific funds and sectors?)
* Any other assets? House paid off? Cars? Expensive significant other?
* What is your time horizon? Do you need this money next month? Next 20yrs?
* Any big debts?
* Any other relevant financial information will be useful to give you a proper answer.

Please consider consulting our FAQ first - https://www.reddit.com/r/investing/wiki/faq 

Be aware that these answers are just opinions of Redditors and should be used as a starting point for your research. You should strongly consider seeing a registered financial rep before making any financial decisions!_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Goldman Sachs has just boosted its S&P Target. Here's why  

The news that the COVID-19 vaccine from drugmaker Pfizer (PFE) and its partner  BioNTech  (BNTX) is 90% effective, according to  Bernstein Research  strategist  Inigo Fraser Jenkins , has sent stocks scurrying like "tracks left in a cloud chamber from particles scattering in an accelerator."

Goldman Sachs strategists, led by  David Kostin , say the vaccine is a more important development for the economy and markets than the prospective policies of a Biden presidency. "The divisive  U.S.  presidential campaign was actually a backdrop to the main event: a public health crisis that has tragically claimed 240,000 lives in the  U.S.  since it began. However, within less than a year, a vaccine has been discovered," they say.

The Goldman team boosted its year-end price target on the S&P 500 to 3700 from 3600, which isn't so far away from Tuesday's closing level of 3545.53. Goldman is also targeting 4300 by the end of 2021 and 4600 by the end of 2022.

The strategists expect the Pfizer vaccine, and possibly others, will receive emergency use authorization by the end of January, and sufficient doses will be available for the  U.S.  population during the first half of 2021. They increased earnings estimates, mostly reflecting the better-than-expected results for the third quarter. They also are expecting better growth in the  U.S.  next year than the market does, at 5.3% versus the consensus forecast of 3.8%. A weakening  U.S.  dollar and slack in the labor market should support S&P 500 sales and margins, they add.

They are not too worried about the weight of the technology giants -- Facebook (FB), Amazon (AMZN), Apple (AAPL), Microsoft (MSFT) and  Google  owner Alphabet (GOOGL). The S&P 500 would rise 9% if the FAAMG stocks trade sideways and the remaining 495 stocks rise by the historical median 12-month rise of 12%. And the S&P 500 would rise 16% if the FAAMG stocks rise 5% and the remaining 495 climb 20%, which would represent an 80th percentile move based on historical distribution since 1990.

As for the debate about value or growth, the Goldman team likes both. For value stocks, the team noted that Monday was the largest single-day increase in the factor's history since 1980, while they say growth stocks should continue to benefit from weak trend economic growth and low interest rates.

"When thinking about the potential resolution of today's record valuation dispersion, investors often recall the unwind of the tech bubble, which was characterized by a two-year bear market and large negative absolute returns of the previous market leaders. More often than not, however, value rallies tend to occur in rising markets during which high valuation stocks also rise but are outpaced by the lowest valuation firms. This 'catch up' dynamic is what we expect will take place in coming months as a vaccine is approved and distributed," the strategists say._END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ How many of you see Bitcoin surpassing gold as the ultimate safe heaven asset in the far future? The younger generation i.e Millennials, gen Z being more interested in digital assets instead of holding physical metals, it safe to assume that bitcoin can easily head to more than 100k over the next 20 - 30 years. This could be easily provable from surveys done on the younger generation to get their opinion on Bitcoin vs gold. If more millennials prefer Bitcoin over gold in their portfolio, Bitcoin has to go up more than gold. It is common sense. With the boomers heading into the grave one by one, there ought to be tons of spare gold lying around but who is even going to buy up all the boomer gold?

The future belongs to the younger generation and it is what we do that matters in society. Civilization progresses over time and it is silly to think that it would stagnate by clinging onto old ideals that are obsolete. Back in the stone age, human beings were using flint as currency and they slowly transitioned to gold. Right now bitcoin is better than gold in every way from portability to easy storage. Why wouldn't it replace gold?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Mezzanine loan collateralized by hotel in Washington DC @ 8.6% I saw this deal on Republic. 
https://republic.co/real-estate/hyatt-dc

 You  buy into an SPV that is making a mezzanine loan to Hyatt Place at 33 New York Ave in Wash DC.  There's a 1% annual fee for the SPV and they project you'll get 8.6% annually over a 3 year period. $15,000 minimum investment.

I'm just wondering if anyone does this professionally, how does this compare to deals you see?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Is very low volume a reason to steer clear of a well performing ETF? Looking through ETF's tonight I came across PSET and NIFE, along with 2 versions of SPY, one without the energy sector (SPXE) and one without the financial sector (SPXN). They've all done extremely well over the last few months/years. Are there risks in ETF's with an average daily volume of less than 5k?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ How do you calculate the ROI of an investment that has apricated and also yields cashflow? I got a rental property that I put very little down, over the years the mortgage is getting paid off, but at the current time prices are sky high in my area. I know when I buy the property I just calculate the money down compared to cashflow to figure out the ROI. 

How do I do this for a property that is say 10 years old? Do I use the projected equity in the house? Do I keep it at the amount I put in? My rental has basically doubled in retail value in those 10 years but it is still a cashflow positive property. 

So the question is just how to calculate my ROI "now" on that property. What numbers do I use? total value? my mortgage amount, there must be an opportunity cost somewhere in there, right? A 100% own property doesn't yield infinite ROI. 

Sorry if this is a bit basic._END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Would you say $BABA will still go up? This is my first China stock and just I bought some of their shares a couple days ago. I realized after the fact that the reason it’s been taking a dip is because China is cracking down on their Big Tech. Alibaba seems like a very consistent company to me and I don’t see the crack down being that detrimental to their stock. They consistently post great earnings and have amazing financials. I would love to hear what you all have to say on $BABA and where you think the stock is headed in the future. Do you think Alibaba is bound to rise?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Bill Ackman Bets Against Market Recovery Again, Despite COVID-19 Vaccine Hopes [Bill Ackman Bets Against Market Recovery Again, Despite COVID-19 Vaccine Hopes](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bill-ackman-bets-against-market-221445155.html)

Ackman is placing an $8-million bet on a surge in corporate defaults.

Ackman turned a $27-million bet on the same idea into $2.6 billion earlier this spring.

“What’s fascinating is the same bet we put on eight months ago is available on the same terms as if there had never been a fire and on the probability that the world is going to be fine,” he reportedly said.

Ackman is “bearish” on the vaccine news, as he said it could lead to people taking the virus less seriously.

A difficult few months are ahead before the recovery takes off, in the investor's view._END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Tax Efficiency Comparison between Index Funds and ETFs and its Effects on Overall Returns My example: VFIAX vs VOO

I'm a long-term holder with an investment horizon of \~40 years, and I've just recently committed to passive index investing. I have a brokerage and a Roth IRA with Fidelity. Naturally, I prefer the automatic reinvestment option that is offered for index funds, such as VFIAX. This option is not offered for ETFs, such as VOO, which is the ETF version of VFIAX (both track the S&P 500). 

On the other hand, apparently, ETFs are more tax efficient than index funds, and although some say the difference in the tax efficiency between the two is negligible, if my account grows to a few million dollars over the next 4 decades before I sell out for capital gains, the decision to opt for slightly higher tax efficiency will likely end up being quite significant in my mind. However, I'm not sure of the significance, and while I would really prefer having it easy with the automatic reinvestments into an index fund (VFIAX) rather than having to visit my accounts every month to invest in an ETF (VOO), I would likely opt for the option that brings me higher capital appreciation / gains when it is all said and done. 

I'm aware that in a tax-sheltered account like my Roth IRA the tax implications wouldn't matter, or at least capital gains taxes don't matter but I'm not totally clear with the implications of tax "inefficiencies." Nonetheless, I'd prefer to have index funds in both my accounts so that I could automatically invest my money incrementally over time without even touching any buttons.

My QUESTION is:

Is there a way to calculate / discern the effects on my investment over time from the difference in tax efficiencies between VFIAX vs VOO for example (in owning either), or between any index fund and ETF? 

Aside from normal capital gains tax, are the effects from tax "inefficiencies" only realized upon sale of assets for capital gains, or are they also hidden elsewhere -- like, do my investments feel tax effects on an annual basis from this source (i.e. would the lesser tax efficiency of an index fund potentially screw over my returns on a regular / annual / whatever basis, even ever so slightly, as opposed to if I was just holding the corresponding ETF)? 

All in all, I don't understand how the whole tax efficiency disparity between index funds and their corresponding ETFs affects overall returns over time, and I would love a plug and chug calculator to see for myself or a detailed reference if one is available. Trying to see the significance here.

THANKS._END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Most Compelling Genomics Stocks Just wanna start a discussion about this fascinating field.

We have of course, Illumina, Thermo Fisher, Repligen, Invitea, Nano String and quite a few more.

Who is interested in this space and what are you invested in?

Which are most compelling in terms of TAM, management, moat, etc?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Is there anything out there right now worth investing in? Market valuations are at an all-time high relative to earnings and yields on bonds are at all time lows. It seems to me that the markets are full of capital with no where for the money to go to and so the value of every asset is getting inflated. How are you investing in this environment? Are there any areas of the market that actually need capital right now and could show a good return for it?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Most Important Financial Statement Line Items I am currently making a spreadsheet for myself to analyze a company's financial trends. Here are the different line items I plan to implement.

**Income Statement**

* Revenue Growth
* Profit/Net Income Growth
* EPS Growth
* EBIT Growth
* EBITDA Growth

**Balance Sheet**

* TotalAsset Growth
* Total Liability Growth
* Total Equity Growth
* Total Debt Growth

**Cash Flow Statement**

* Operating Cash Flow Growth
* End Cash Position Growth
* Free Cash Flow Growth

I plan to take this data across maybe 4 or 5 periods (Quarters/Years) and analyze the growth in line chart format in Google Sheets. Am I missing any crucial line items from any of the statements? I am just focusing on line items that should be growing to gauge a company's growth. If there are any other metrics I should gauge in terms of raw growth please comment down below._END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ ANT IPO UPDATE Heard on Economist Radio 

The IPO might happen by years end.

Apparently new regulations in China will require online lending companies that co-produce loans to pony up 30% . ANT's model was based on providing 2% of these loans. This means that its original plan had 50x leverage and with this change it would only have 3x leverage. 

Ant was presenting itself as a tech company which typically has a valuation of 40x forward earnings. But it will now be considered a bank /fintech which have valuations in China of 10x forward earnings. 

ANT's IPO value will probably be somewhere in between, so not $300B but maybe just $150B.

https://open.spotify.com/episode/6hHCRAIZ8ZKqIyl5NVA9P1?si=Mnq8O5P7TjqVKsvNsOv7mg_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ Can someone explain NIOs Valuation? I've been in NIO since the 10$ range with around 400 shares as well as in Tesla and Xpeng. I would like to think I have a fairly good understanding about what these companies are doing from a business standpoint however I have 0 knowledge of chinas culture. From what I can tell most of NIOs hype has been based around the idea that the chinese gov will make it succeed. I've seen the numbers, technology and both the bull and bear case for NIO from a variety of sources. At its current valuation, this feels like a purely speculative and fomo play. The more hype I've seen from NIO the more I distrust it and feel like new retail investors are being mislead by both china and the large banks. Everyone wants NIO to be the next Tesla however I've seen nothing from NIO to indicate it should realistically become a 200B - 400B company aside from china, battery subscription and potential european adoption. I can't shake the feeling NIO is about to have a pretty vicious sell off and am losing my conviction on the NIO long play as well. Can someone help NIO make sense._END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_ China is regulating their big tech now, does this mean US big tech can't hide behind competition as defense against anti-trust? With the recent decision to regulate Ant group and the recent chill settling across China's big tech sector, the implications for US big tech are very large. 

One of the biggest defenses Big Tech has used to defend against anti-trust, is that they need to be that large to compete with china. Now that china has shown it's willing to tame those businesses, that argument is going to really fall flat with US regulators. 

Anyone care to point out why this is not the case?_END_OF_POST_PYSTOCK_